[WiP] "color contrast for widget" draft (#1455)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/text-contrast-afw4f7.md

name: Text has minimum contrast
rule_type: atomic
description: |

>   This rule checks that, for text out of widgets, the highest possible contrast of every text character with its background meets the minimal contrast requirement.

Reviewer: When I first read it, I thought that it was applying to text nodes that are children of elements with the role of the widget. Might be me, but you may consider the other option.

```suggestion
  This rule checks that, for each character in a [text node][] that is not a [child][] of an element with the role of the `widget`, the highest possible contrast with its background meets the minimal contrast requirement.
```

Author: I think we usually avoid links in descriptions. What about
```suggestion
  This rule checks that, for text which is not inside a widget, the highest possible contrast of every text character with its background meets the minimal contrast requirement.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good!
